So good
Grandma, open it up and take a look
Why do I suspect that the second uncle's family is bragging?
That's right, second aunt
Your family was kicked out of the island house
It's the equivalent of defeat
What good gift can you buy if you have no money or ability?
It seems that the Ye family really has 800 names
I have to take good care of him now
Sister Tang and Brother-in-law Tang
Don't look down on people
Let's cross a bridge.
Oh grandma
You like it?
This jade is worth more than 8 million
I specially asked a friend to buy it for you.
This
God this jade
How does it look like the one at the top auction 5 years ago?
Huang Education
Oh, it really is.
Mom mom
You didn't leave it at home.
You open the door
Hello Yueyue
What nonsense are you talking about?
What? Your mother's?
This is a special gift from me to the head of the family
You, a little kid, say nonsense that I copied your house
Master, please check it.
My daughter was right.
This jade pendant is mine